+++
title = "Training Program Admin"
outputs = ["Reveal"]
+++

# admin

everything u need to know, hopefully

slides are at [tp.denzeliskandar.com/25T1/admin](https://tp.denzeliskandar.com/25T1/admin)

---

{{% section %}}

## > whoami

* Denzel
* Esther

---

## how to contact me (us)

* [@babipanggangg]() on Discord - Denzel
* [@ashtherz]() on Discord - Esther

---

## places for questions/discussion
* in person
* the discord server
  * i will have a "forum"-like thing set up
* dm

---

## where to access resources
* code and slides will be at [github.com/dzl-i/training-program](https://github.com/dzl-i/training-program)
* this should be recorded and posted on yt maybe

---

### share resources
* discord at #resources

---

### feedback

* if u have any feedback for us, please let us know ðŸ¥º
* we want to improve frfr

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## > whoareu

* your name, degree, year?
* why'd you join the training program?
* what do you wanna get out of the program?
* what has been your favourite course so far

---

### icebreakers ðŸ˜ˆ

---

### icebreakers: trainee 1

* if you had to wish the biggest inconvenience to someone, what would it be?

---

### icebreakers: trainee 2

* what is your biggest accomplishment/achievement this week?

---

### icebreakers: trainee 3

* if an alien civilisation came to earth and in their first point of contact they asked you for a gift, what gift would you give them?

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## what are we doing

what is this program about lol

---

## some previous projects

[devsoc.app/our-projects](https://devsoc.app/our-projects)

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## program timeline

* project pitch on **week 6 thursday**
* project showcase sometime in **may** (the month) **after exam period**

---

### project pitch
what do i need to do?

---

### project pitch
* figma for PoC
* possibly some frontend

---

### project showcase
* everything needs to be finished

---

### oops
* im gonna be out of sydney from 29 april onwards
* i will still be active
* just not gonna be there for project showcase...

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## project idea
* very important
* we shall make smth cool ðŸ˜Ž
* plz give project idea [forms.gle/2Gv6H31ox4dSQpJf6](https://forms.gle/2Gv6H31ox4dSQpJf6)
  * anonymous
* link is also in discord at #announcements

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## tech stack
* undecided
* will prob have to wait until we decide on a project

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## dont worry
* we know this looks like much
* Esther and I are here to help

---

## dont worry
* starting is always the hardest step
  * we will have a start up guide
  * we will have workshops
  * docs docs docs

---

## workshops
* figma and ui/ux (is this needed?)
* frontend (Next.js and TailwindCSS)
* api design and documentation
* database design and prisma
* authentication and authorisation (optional)

> note: these are just planned, we don't have to do all of them

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

# questions?

{{% /section %}}

---

{{% section %}}

## lets start discussing project ideas

{{% /section %}}
